Add active executions. (#15057)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/ui-transactions-page.md

{% include {{ page.version.version }}/ui/admin-access.md %}

> The **Transactions** page offers two views on transactions: **Transaction Fingerprints**, which represents one or more completed SQL transactions and **Active Executions**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Transactions** page offers two views on transactions: **Transaction Fingerprints**, which represents one or more completed SQL transactions; and **Active Executions**,
```

> which represents individual transaction executions in progress.

Reviewer: Extra line break above this.

> You choose a view by selecting the **Transaction Fingerprints** or **Active Executions** radio button. The selection is retained when you switch between the Statements and Transactions tabs on the SQL Activity page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose a view by selecting the **Transaction Fingerprints** or **Active Executions** radio button. The selection is retained when you switch between the **Statements** and **Transactions** tabs on the **SQL Activity** page.
```

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> In contrast to the [**Statements** page](ui-statements-page.html), which displays [SQL statement fingerprints](ui-statements-page.html#sql-statement-fingerprints), the **Transactions** page displays transaction fingerprints, that is, SQL statement fingerprints grouped by [transaction](transactions.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the [**Statements** page](ui-statements-page.html), which displays [SQL statement fingerprints](ui-statements-page.html#sql-statement-fingerprints), the **Transactions** page displays _transaction fingerprints_, which are SQL statement fingerprints grouped by [transaction](transactions.html).
```

{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## Transaction Fingerprints view

The **Transaction Fingerprints** view helps you:

- Identify frequently [retried]({{ link_prefix }}transactions.html#transaction-retries) transactions.

> - [Troubleshoot]({{ link_prefix }}query-behavior-troubleshooting.html) high latency transactions or execution failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Troubleshoot]({{ link_prefix }}query-behavior-troubleshooting.html) high-latency transactions or execution failures.
```

- View transaction [details](#transaction-details-page).

{% if page.cloud != true %}
To view this page, click **SQL Activity** in the left-hand navigation of the DB Console.
{% else %}
To view this page, click **SQL Activity** in the left-hand navigation of the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. Click the **Transactions** tab.
{% endif %}

> Click the **Transactions** tab. The **Transaction Fingerprints** radio button is selected and the [Transactions table](#transactions-table) displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Transactions** tab is selected, click the **Transaction Fingerprints** radio button. The [Transactions table](#transactions-table) displays.
```

Author: No. When you click SQL Activity, the Statements tab and Statement Fingerprints button are selected by default. You need to explicitly select the Transaction tab first.

The following screenshot shows the transaction fingerprint for `SELECT city, id FROM vehicles WHERE city = $1` while running the [`movr` workload](cockroach-workload.html#run-the-movr-workload).

<img src="{{ 'images/v22.2/transaction-fingerprint.png' | relative_url }}" alt="Transaction fingerprint" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

If you click the transaction fingerprint in the **Transactions** column, the [**Transaction Details** page](#transaction-details-page) displays.

<img src="{{ 'images/v22.2/transaction-details.png' | relative_url }}" alt="Transaction details" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

## Active Executions view

The **Active Executions** view helps you:

> - Understand and tune workload performance, particularly long-running transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Understand and tune workload performance, particularly for long-running transactions.
```

{% if page.cloud != true %}
To display this view, click **SQL Activity** in the left-hand navigation of the DB Console.
{% else %}
To display this view, click **SQL Activity** in the left-hand navigation of the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console.
{% endif %}

> The **Statements** tab is selected. Click the **Transactions** tab and the **Active Executions** radio button. The [Active Executions table](#active-executions-table) displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Transactions** tab is selected, click the **Active Executions** radio button. The [Active Executions table](#active-executions-table) displays.
```

Author: When you click SQL Activity, the default is the Statements tab and the * Fingerprints radio button.  You need to first click the Transactions tab. So the original is accurate.

Author: See previous comments about this UI behavior.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Active executions are polled every 10 seconds and fast-running executions will potentially disappear upon each refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active executions are polled every 10 seconds. Faster-running executions will potentially disappear upon each refresh.
```

{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> The following screenshot shows the active statement execution for `SELECT city, id FROM vehicles WHERE city = 'paris'`:

Reviewer: Does this also need ```while running the [`movr` workload](cockroach-workload.html#run-the-movr-workload).``` as above?

Author: Thanks for this catch!
